Full DPO Distributed (#2275)
pytorch/torchtune: docs/source/recipes/dpo.rst

on-distribution for the domain you're interested in. To do this, check out our other fine-tuning recipes in the :ref:`recipe overview <recipes_overview_label>` which
support a variety of SFT paradigms.

> After supervised fine-tuning, here is an example of Lora DPO and Full DPO with Llama 3.1 8B:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After supervised fine-tuning, here is an example of using either LoRA-based finetuning, or full-finetuning Llama 3.1 8B with DPO:
```
